284 delete closed only if exist (#285)
qoollo/pearl: CHANGELOG.md

#### Fixed
- Use `dep:<crate_name>` syntax in feature declaration to avoid unnecessary feature flags (#272) 

> - Only add deletion record in old blobs if key is presented (#284)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only add a deletion record in old blobs if the key is present (#284)
```
